c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication2.g.resources
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page1.baml
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page2.baml
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page3.baml
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page4.baml
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page5.baml
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page6.baml
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page7.baml
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page8.baml
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page9.baml
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page1.g.cs
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page2.g.cs
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page3.g.cs
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page4.g.cs
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page5.g.cs
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page6.g.cs
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page7.g.cs
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page8.g.cs
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\x86\Debug\Page9.g.cs
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.dll
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
c:\users\tajah\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\Tajah\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe.config
